[0:02:09] Ext. The Silver Ward - Continuous
[0:06:35] The Party walked through the Silver Ward. Sugi was the first to catch the smell of high quality meat roasting in the distance. We came upon an open-fronted store with meat roasting and a sign that said “Al’s Fine Cuisine.” Atrepos walked in first to find a very large man standing at a counter. He immediately asked the man at the counter what he did with the whippoorwill. Atrepos whipped at a dagger and tried to threw it at the butcher but Sugi stopped it. 
[0:16:47] The Man’s name was Al. He said that he acquired the bird in a dispute but kept it because he liked it. We negotiated a plan to have Al seduce Fred to make him forget about the bird. Al required us to give him 50 gold for his ‘services.’ 
[0:38:26] Al and the Party went to the shop and it seemed like it worked. We waited for their experience to be complete. After about four hours the two walked out of the back room, very sweaty but happy. Aquelon led us to his table to take the items that we wanted. We took: “The Jericho’s  Gilded Shovel of Siege” (max damage against inanimate objects, 2x against manmade objects),  a wooden puzzle box with nature-based imagery (a silver cube of Druid Craft that gives you more powers if you solve it), Mangioni’s Trumpet of Sleep So Good (one person gets 1 hit die of temp hp), one ring of fire magic, light magic from another and necrotic magic from a third ring, a necklace of illusory magic and evocation magic, and the Flowing Canteen of Truths (if you put cold liquid in this container, the person that drinks it has to tell the truth for 10 minutes) a broach of celestial magic and a broach of the serpent (deals extra poison damage) and a Shield of the Laughing God (+2 Cha but if you role a 1 on a Cha something bad happens and you die after 5) 
[0:59:09] I took the Canteen, Sugi took the Shovel, Pauline took the Brooch of the Serpent, Val took the Shield of the Laughing God, Atrepos the Ring of Evocation Magic, Maxi took the puzzle and broach of the Celestials while the Party took the deck of Tarot cards. 
[01:07:42] We went back to Al’s shop to retrieve Atrepos who finished all of the work for everyone at the shop. After that we traveled to an inn for the night to examine our goods and rest. We gave Atrepost the patinated bronze ring that turned out to be a Ring of the God of Secrets/Ring of Veckna (it radiates necrotic energy, allows them to cast Finger of Death once per day but the ring slowly decays the person and must take it off or they die.) The deck of cards turned out to be a Deck of Many Thinks. The broach turned out to be a Broach of Guiding Flight (once per day you gain the flight speed of 30 feet for 5 minutes.) We also drew cards from the deck: Sugi drew The Gilded Throne which transmuted into a roll of parchment that was a deed to a keep on the eastern edge of Asmary facing out to the sea but to claim it you have to  #Quest 01:16:14  beat a headless horseman. Maxi drew The Medusa which burned a tattoo into her arm all the way up to her eye which allows her to attempt a Stoning Gaze once per day which petrified someone. Miz/Val drew The Sun with Plants and became a person who can photosynthesize (they can substitute eating and drinking for sitting out in the sun for 4 hours and can’t be hurt by the sun and can cast daylight once per day.) Drod drew the Handsome Man and was affected by the Don Juan effect (he has the ability to flirt the pants off of someone, he has advantage on charisma rolls to seduce someone and is very attractive to those who are attracted to men.) Atrepos drew The Mirror, it doesn’t burn away like the others. If he affixes the card to an object for a day, undamaged, the item will duplicate. Pauline drew The Bear, the card vanished and a full grown grizzly bear appeared behind her then licked her face.
[01:30:38] While the others rested, Maxi attempted to solve the cube. She eventually solved one facet of the cube. 