Session Unk + 7
 #Recap 0:00:00 
 #Scene 0:12:05  Ext. Matia, The Gilded Ward - Morning
[0:13:19] We left the guided ward to the residential areas and the periphery of the city. As we left, the guards warned us about the Kobold incursion to the West. Sugi realized that the path we needed to take was first to the southwest then to the west. We decided that we would make our group look like traveling merchants, easy to be attacked to draw them out. We cast invisibility on Kirby the Bear, Drod summoned his staff and the Party walked down the road. 
[0:27:10] After some time Sugi noticed the sound of drums in the distance. After a moment an enormous green dragon flew over the ridge and landed in front of us. The dragon did not seem right, as if he was an illusion. Atrepos went forward to attack the ‘dragon’, went through the illusions and saw four Kobolds waving magical staves. They immediately bolted and Atrepos threw his daggers, killing one of them. Maxi cast Magic Missile which exploded a second one. Drod cast Hold Person on the two remaining Kobolds but it only succeeded on one. 
[0:35:59] Miz/Val picked up the stunned Kobold and ran off with it into the swamp. 
[0:37:23] Drod continued after the Kobold that got away and followed it to an outcropping of stones.
[0:38:19] Miz cast Sprit Guardian around themselves to protect them while they asked the Kobold questions. The Kobold was very confused about how Miz knew Greg. Mix terrified the Kobold and it was very reluctant to answer any questions. Eventually Miz realized that the Kobold’s name was Greg. Eventually Sugi and Maxi caught up to Miz and Miz asked for the two to protect the Kobold from the murderous Atrepos. He mentioned that ‘Boss Blitzen needed to collect all of the shinnies.’ 
[0:51:12] Drod and Polly apprehended the remaining Kobold and pressed it into bondage. The Kobold said its name was Christopher. He said Blitzen lied and was crying effusively.
[0:56:37] Drod, Polly and Cristopher reunited with the main group of the Party. Greg said that Blitzen showed up and said that they had to gain the shines. Miz and Drod were very curious about how the Kobolds got there and who was leading them. Greg said that there were probably a dozen more including Blitzen.
[01:02:42] Greg led the Party through the murky swamp toward their camp. 
[01:08:23] After some time walking we came to a ramshackle camp with crudely drawn banners. Maxi recognized the banners as being Apple, McDonalds, Ikea and Coca-Cola. Greg said that the banners were from great and powerful beings from another plane of existence. Maxi tried to convince Greg that she was Blitzen’s boss and needed to see him, which he completely accepted. As we walked up the hill, the earth beneath us opened up and everyone but Maxi fell into a hole in the ground. Maxi pulled out her phone and convinced the three Kobolds that she was a boss. 
[01:14:20] The five others fell for some time until they landed in a thick viscous liquid. The others found themselves in heavy, steel-hooked nets. They could all look up and see the mechanism above them and they realized Greg was a liar. When Atrepos cast light Drod could see that the liquid was a mix of refuse, tar and body parts that was blue and looked like the bottom of a porte-potty. We heard a voice monologue then play some music from their phone. It walked forward into light as a human dressed in full Jar Jar Binks cosplay. Blitzen summoned his servants to rob those in the nets of their goods. The chains around Sugi converted into Sugornite and she was able to get out but fell into the sick beneath. Val cast inflict wounds on one of the Kobolds which killed it. Drod cast Geas on Blitzen which succeeded but his effort to have it inflict pain on himself failed. Suddenly about 90 Kobolds appeared and surrounded the Party-members that were down there.
[01:29:59] Above, Maxi vntured down into the caverns below. She saw the Kobolds reacting scene from the Realm of Thought and carving symbols of companies on the wall. Maxi entered the main chamber playing “Year Zero” with Coffee and stood imposingly at the entrance of the chamber. Blitzen said kind of had a meltdown and admitted that he was from Detroit. Maxi cast Thunder Clap to make them all be quiet which mostly succeeded. Maxi cast Poltergeist’s Fury on the mask which animated it and it flew off.  Atrepos got out of his net, flew forward, produced his sheers and placed it at Blitzen’s throat. Sugi encouraged Atrepos to hold off from killing him. Atrepos retracted the daggers and Blitzen retreated back placing Kobolds in font of him. Atrepos threw a dagger at his foot to pin his foot into the ground which landed. Maxi cast Magic Missile and Sugi knocked him out.
[01:42:47] From deeper in the cave Maxi heard a voice From deeper in the cave two seemingly teenage humans appeared. The humans looked pretty much like they were twins. The fist bumped and two green dragons appeared in the room
 #Combat 01:45:30  Thw Party engaged the two green Dragons in the main room of the cavern. One of the dragons cast poison spray on an area that blasted Miz, Drod and Maxi but Maxi dodged. Atrepos influenced a huge amount of damage on the one that sprayed poison. One of the dragons flew up and hit its wings on the roof of the lair which caused rocks to fall on the party. Those who failed took 8 damage. Miz inflicts a decent amount of damage against the dragon that was nearest to the Party. Maxi cast Blight on the dragon nearest to the Party which inflicted 64 radiant damage. It tumbled down to the ground; the other dragon cast Twin Bond on the downed dragon, healing it nearly back to full while the other took half the damage. Drod cast Toll the Dead for 14 points of damage agains the one nearest to the Party. The dragon neatest to the Party cast dragoon breath again that hit Drod, Sugi and Miz which kncked Drod out.Befoe Atrepos’ turn Jole’s eyes turned a sickly green, the pol of filth rose which dealt poison damage to those standing in it. On his turn, Atrepos flew up on Joel’s back and began stabbing it its back; he dealt 61 damage in total which made him look a bit rough. On Miz’s turn, they cast Prayer of Healing on the Party. On Maxi’s turn, she cast Blink which failed and suffered some falling rock damage. Coffee did 5 damage to the Joel. Doje came up to the party and cast a sickly gas rippled out from the walls of the cave which prevented the Party from casting healing magic.It also cast a breath attack against Maxi and Miz for 32 damage. Drod cast Misty Step to get away from the rest of the Party and invoked an attack of opportunity which landed for 8 damage. Pauline cried out, vines wrapped around Miz and healed them even though there wasn’t supposed to have any healing magic. 
[02:39:34] At the start of the new round, Joel flew up toward the ceiling to dislodge Atrepos from his back and he fell toward the ground where he landed, unconscious. Sugi dealt 56 damage against Doje which looked pretty rough. After her turn both dragons flapped their wings rapidly which caused a massive amount of wind which dealt 8 damage to those who didn’t save. In the wind Pauline’s net smashed against the wall which caused her to drop down into the liquid. The liquid began to froth and Pauline burst out of the water as the muck began to solidify. She said to the Party this is not where you die.” 
[02:47:57] She pointed to the dragons and the stalactites fell on the dragons as she collapsed back into the sick. The falling rocks startled the two dragons and they took off from the cave. As they gained altitude Julzer attempted to grab Sugi which he succeeded in grabbing her and Atrepos up. Sugi dropped the book. Maxi took an attack of opportunity against Joser which she cast Blight at it which dealt 46 damage. It began to cough, struggled to fly and then crashed to the ground with Sugi still inits claws which knocked Sugi out. It collapsed in a pool of filth and seemed to die. 
 #EndOfCombat 03:14:59 Now out of combat, Sugi stabelized herself but Atrepos expired. Maxi threw a potion of healing over to Miz who healed theirselves. Miz then cast Revivify on Atrepos; the book stopped its disintegration. Miz then commanded the zombie Kobold to come over and grab the book which then possessed the undead Kobold for a short amount of time. Harmony came out of the book and sad that her master needed a new body or he would be banished back to the Astral Realm. They needed someone to find the book so that Atrepos could take over. Whomever holds the book becomes the book like purification. Meanwhile Drod came over and stabilized Sugi and picked her back up. Drod came over and helped Pauline out of the muck. She didn’t remember casting the spell that hit the dragons. She climbed up on the bear’s back and began to doze off. 
[03:06:46] The Party colleccted themselves and looked aroound the cave. They realized that the wind blew around a substantial amount of money and treasure around the cave. Around that time Blitzen came back to conciseness. Drod offered to detain him but the Party refused. In the room the Party found 300 gold, some slightly glowing gemstones. We cut off as many ears of the Kobolds as we could and cut off the dragon head. We collected the treasure to be taken back to Matia to be returned to their owners. Sugi cast Identify on the glowing stones which would recharge spell slots.
[03:12:25] Drod poked around the room and realizd that one of the large bolders had a door in it. He pushed his hands against it and the door wiggled. Maxi cast Knock on the door which swung upon to reveal a ladder going down. Everyone but Drod and Pauline investigated the hole (Drod stayed behind to keep Pauline safe.) In the hole the Party found what looked like living quarters replete with wardrobe, bed and storage boxes. Miz found some fancy doublets and mens clothing. They heard the sound oof someone moving in the dark. Maxi cast light which revealed a man writing n the dark. He looked like Othwin and asked about the Committee. The light revealed hundreds of leather bound tomes. He said that he had been writing what to do for hundreds of contingencies. He said that ‘the Master always said I was the problem solver.’ He said that he had a tome for what to do if Kaldraccus makes war. He said that the solutions to unmake them, separate them, isolate them and then question their mother strongly. 

[01:32:50] Session Title: “You Can’t Girl-Boss Me”