Session [Unk. + 6]
 #Recap 0:03:00 

 #Start 0:33:10 
[0:33:49] Int. Dining Room, The Fizdizzleman Estate - A Day Later
[0:34:18] The Party is enjoying breakfast in the main dining room of the estate. As breakfast concluded Mizriel/Valathair came into the dining room. 
[01:02:35] Ext. The Nine Hells - Two Days Prior
[0:35:06] They had been deep within the Nine Hells, standing on a ridge overlooking a fortress. Val realized that they were back home. They heard a familiar voice lamenting the eternal struggle of Demons and Devils and how Val’s mortal shell gives them access to the Mortal Realm. They turned to see the 14 named Demon boy they met earlier flanked by two very tall, tanned women. He said that he ruminated on being Demons and that Asmodius said Demons should not be beheld to powers weaker than them. Asmodius said the best thing would be to level the playing field. The Demon produced a parchment and said the two women with him were retainers of Val’s court. They were Darkspawn from the Shaddowfell that exist in the Nine Hells away from the light in the Prime Material. The two Shadowspawn restored one of Val’s names (so that he had two in total.) The Demon-prince said that the name would weaken Miz unless she recovered from her fallen roots and became whole again. Val said that Miz and the body were his, they were going to be his greatest work and he would not want them to degrade. So he chose to keep the name sealed until he  #Quest 0:45:07  made Miz whole again and able to sustain his life. One of the Shadowspan cut her throat with a ceremonial dagger over the paper which allowed her seal the name in the paper and the second disemboweled herself to seal it until the time when they would like to open it. When it concluded Val cast Revivify on both of the now deceased Shadospawn which worked on both as they came back to life. The Prince backed up into the shadows and vanished leaving the two Shaddowspawn with Val in the layer of Hell.
[01:02:56] Int. The Fizdizzleman Estate - Current Time
[0:53:37] Val commanded the two to rest as there was a flash and he found himself in the Frizdizzleman Estate. There were a few people standing in the room including Melchior who was intrigued by Val’s appearance. The two Shadowspawn appeared with Val which concerned Melchior. Val and his Shadowspawn walked out of the room and bumped into Drod and Pauline. The two Shadowpeople introduced themselves as  #Character 0:59:40  Emir Gran (reddish blonde hair) and Korial (long braid of black hair, softer spoken, stomach wound). McGuffin came into the hall right at that time and showed Val (and their retainers) to their own room. The two retainers took their own positions on the floor but Val offered them the only bed instead. Val said he would set up the room after the two retainers had a rest and time to heal up. After accepting some tea Val went off to look for her companions. 
[01:09:06] They came into the main plannng room to find Drod, Sugi, Pauline, Othwin, Zeeley, Zepla, Radio and some other companions. Zeeley said that the job she was supposed to do was done so she would be departing soon.,The group was discussing how best to strengthen their social bonds and their forces to besiege Castle Quarterstone. We discussed what to do next as a group.As a group we decided to travel to Matia to both  #Quest 01:23:50  help  the collector of oddities quest and  #Quest 01:23:55  cull the Kobolds. Zeeley said that she would take us to Matia; she teleported us to Matia with a touch of her hand on our heads. Before Sugi everyone teleported, Shey and Lyda walked in and said that Orn was spotted to the north in Thessius.
[01:30:48] Ext. Matia - Continuous
[01:36:08] Teller believed that he immediately found the whip-o-will but it was 100% a swindler. We very quickly saw through his grift. Sugi pulled his pants down and kicked him in the butt to send him on his way. The man said that he would remember this and he was their enemies now.
[01:48:26] Int. Freeman’s Shop, The Gilded Ward, Matia - Continuous
[01:39:34] Drod led the Party to the Guilded Ward. We found the hole in the wall shop named Freeman’s shop (specified in the quest). The shop was just a little waiting room with a counter behind glass with symbols etched on it. After a moment an Elven man in a very colorful outfit came out. He was the Whip-O-Will was a bird (that exists on the Plane of Thought) of value that he was missing. He bonded with Sugi and beckoned her into the interior of the shop to show her what he promised as a reward. He said that he would allow the Party to take 5 of the seven precious items on a table in the very back of his store. Sugi sensed that all of the items were highly magical. He said that the bird (named Charlie) was taken from him. He said he knows it was a butch from the Silver Ward. The Butcher is a plaything of one of the women in the Gilded Ward (and is probably protected by her.) He said the 